= snowflake-rails

* http://github.com/luma/snowflake-rails

== DESCRIPTION:

This gem allows Snowflake (http://github.com/luma/snowflake) to be used with Rails3. It's assumed that you'll be using Snowflake _as well as_ a RDBMS (or other DB), so snowflake-rails doesn't set itself it up the primary ORM.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* allows you to use Snowflake from your Rails3 app, yay!
* provides several generators to make your life easier;
* sends out good healing vibrations through the ether. 

== SYNOPSIS:

  FIX (code sample of usage)

== REQUIREMENTS:

* bundler
* uuidtools >= 2.1.1
* snowflake >= 0.0.2
* snowflake-migration >= 0.0.1
* Rails >= 3.0.0.beta4

== INSTALL:

  gem install snowflake-rails

Then, from within a new Rails3 app. Add the following to your Gemfile:

	gem "snowflake", '>= 0.0.3'
	gem "snowflake-rails", '>= 0.0.2'
	
Then run the setup generator:
	rails g snowflake:install

There is also generators for creating Snowflake models and migrations, and a Rake task for running Snowflake migrations.

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Rolly

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.